[WIP]Server/transfer-content (#3535)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/aws.adoc

```
. Go to the top directory of the `enterprise-setup` repo on your local machine.

. Run `terraform init` to initialize your working directory.

. Run `make init` to initialize a `terraform.tfvars` file (your previous `terraform.tfvars` if any, will be backed up in the same directory).

. Open `terraform.tfvars` in an editor and fill in appropriate AWS values for section 1.

. If you plan to use 1.0 builders, specify a `circle_secret_passphrase` in section 2, replacing `...` with alpha numeric characters, if not, leave it as is. 1.0 builders are disabled by default in section 3.

. Specify the instance type to use for your Nomad clients. By default, the value specified in the `terraform.tfvars` file for Nomad Clients is `m4.2xlarge` (8 vCPUs, 32GB RAM). To increase the number of concurrent CircleCI jobs that each Nomad Client can run, modify section 2 of the `terraform.tfvars` file to specify a larger `nomad_client_instance_type`. Refer to the AWS https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types[Amazon EC2 Instance Types] guide for details.
+
NOTE: The `builder_instance_type` is only used for CircleCI 1.0 and is disabled by default in section 3.

. In section 3 you can:

> .. choose to use 1.0 Builders if your project requires it (by changing the count to `1`)

Reviewer: I wonder if we should get rid of this in the documentation? This seems like something we should not even suggest at this point (using 1.0 builders)

Reviewer: We should ask George to get this out of the UI I think.

Author: Yes good idea, it is a bit confusing what's going on with this in Replicated and the UI: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G_rk0LJzS_8qY1xxlBA5ROZwoaoH7azY5MIyU297YIg/edit

// explain what to do if this step fails

== Access Your Installation
. You will see a browser-specific SSL/TLS info box. This is just to inform you that on the next screen your browser might tell you the connection to the admin console is unsafe, but you can be confident it is secure. Click Continue to Setup and proceed to your installation IP.
+
.SSL Security
image::browser-warning.png[SSL Security]

. Enter your hostname – this can be your domain name or public IP of the Services Machine instance. At this time you can also upload your SSL public key and certificate if you have them. To proceed without providing these click Use Self-Signed Cert – choosing this option will mean you will see security warnings each time you visit the Management Console.
+
.Hostname
image::secure-management-console.png[Hostname]

. Upload your license.

. Decide how to secure the Management Console. You have three options:
.. Anonymous admin access to the console, anyone on port 8800 can access (not recommended)
.. Set a password that can be used to securely access the Management Console (recommended)

> .. Use your existing directory-based authentication system (e.g. LDPA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Use your existing directory-based authentication system (for example, LDAP)
```

NOTE: If the Management Console reports `Failure reported from operator: no such image` click Start again and it should continue.

== Validate Your Installation

. When the application is started, select Open to launch CircleCI in your browser, and sign up/log in to your CircleCI installation and start running 2.0 builds! You will become the Administrator at this point as you are the first person to sign in. Have a look at our https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/#section=getting-started[Getting Started] guide to start adding projects.
//<!--add info on making users administrators etc. to user management section of ops guide and put a link here-->
+
.Start CircleCI from your Dashboard
image::dashboard.png[]

. After build containers have started and images have been downloaded, the first build should begin immediately. If there are no updates after around **15 minutes**, and you have clicked the Refresh button, contact https://support.circleci.com/hc/en-us[CircleCI support] for assistance.

. You can use https://github.com/circleci/realitycheck[our realitycheck repo] to check basic CircleCI functionality.

> //<!--Is this what we hope they will do? Could use stronger language. Also would be good to have some help for what to do if jobs fail, or do we just want people to tell us so we can help?-->

Reviewer: Yes, we want them to run reality check, feel free to make this stronger.

Author: Great, will do.
